3di | Contributing to ros2 documentation (#6966)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/The-ROS2-Project/Contributing/Contributing-to-documentation.rst

For more information about using these tools to make updates to the documentation and build the site, see:

* :doc:`Documentation/Creating-or-updating-documentation`
* :doc:`Documentation/Documentation-guidelines`

Branch structure
----------------

The source code of the documentation is located in the `ROS Documentation GitHub repository <https://github.com/ros2/ros2_documentation>`__.
This repository is set up with one branch per ROS distribution to handle differences between the distributions:

* If a change is common to all ROS distributions, it should be made to the ``rolling`` branch (and then will be backported as appropriate).
* If a change is specific to a particular ROS distribution, it should be made to the respective branch.

Source structure
----------------

* The source files for the site are all located under the ``source`` subdirectory.
* Templates for various Sphinx plugins are located under ``source/_templates``.
* The root directory contains configuration and files required to locally build the site for testing.

Workflow
--------

Contributors to the ROS documentation on GitHub use the standard fork and pull request (PR) workflow.

> #. After cloning the ``ros2_documentation`` repository, create your own fork, then take a branch on that fork for your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. After creating your own fork of the ``ros2_documentation`` repository, clone it locally, and then create a branch from the existing ``rolling`` branch for your changes.
```
